as anna mi mira I am talent and the
Today I am going to teach you how to
find this case remain as headquarters with
those neon lights that I put is called
impressive or duch and the truth is that it is
one of the best cars that have gotten
in the gta for the next generation
in this video I'm going to show you how
find it which is very simple and
very easy they are going to have to have
unlocked to trevor it seems to me
to find they can not come to
find with maikel or with franklin but
that I think there must be
unlocked before to clover so that they
appear this mission once we are
here we are going to have to come to the
location that I am showing on the map
where is the spray pay here from
blend conti the only pe spray that there is
out of town we are going to have to
come here as you can see on the map and
I have a blue indicator and it's because of
made the car to grab it makes us a
secondary mission but as you can see
This is 100% accurate 100% location
confirmed everything has come out here and
here is the imposing or duch that as
can see is a muscle car and the
truth is that it is a carrazo is like a
war tank when you approach
it seems almost almost the batmobile see how
it's made the windshield looks like a boat
mobile
so that completely a tank
bullets do not enter you at all so
it's amazing something that I loved about
this car that I am going to show you
completely all the best of this
car is when you lose the lights in a
day when the lights are turned on
the cabin right now they will see how they turn on
the lights and how they light up
completely the board and the cabin
also as you know, the
sticks when you put the handbrake
put the real christmas icons the
It is true that he has made you the forgiveness
rockstar has done very good things with
the change of gt álex well is something that
these little details like for example
When you turn on the highs, the
foquito is amazing now see this from
here like when he turned off the lights he
they close the headlights stopping the lights and
they reopen the headlights the truth is
a very unique style that this car has
and as I tell you when you grab it
and in exactly when we started
handle what trailers people are going to see
they want to kill us so the car
as I said in rockstar is a death
sure so without more or less when
we end up killing everyone
that we can get all that we can
have our car to customize what
as you want to see here as I was
putting neon lights that is something else
that only they added to the gta of
following
I think that just like I do not have
keep it with those neon lights it
I looked perfectly sexy you can also
change to make a combination of
colors as you can see there but I what
I left more so see this cool car
geez so remember to subscribe if
they have not done it yet because they know I'm going
to get many more guides from people of the
next generation
I am talent remember to leave your like if
they liked the video and see you in the
following